[Web Analytics] Update how-tos (#5384)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/analytics/web-analytics/configuring-web-analytics/rules.md

Rules are only available for sites proxied through Cloudflare. For more information, refer to [Limits](/analytics/web-analytics/understanding-web-analytics/limits/).

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select your account.
2. Select the **Analytics** drop-down and choose **Web Analytics**.

> 3. Find the site you want to configure and Select **Manage site**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Find the site you want to configure and select **Manage site**.
```

4. Select **Advanced options** > **Add rule**.

> 5. Select the **Action** and fill in the Host name and Path(s) you want to add a rule for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select the **Action** and fill in the hostname and path(s) you want to add a rule for.
```

Author: Unfortunately, here I'm just reproducing what the UI shows :/
